# Q0

## Case 1

Q: What is the significance of an Insect's health attribute? Does this value change? If so, how?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) It represents health protecting the insect, so the insect can only be damaged when its health reaches 0

1) It represents the strength of an insect against attacks, which doesn't change throughout the game

2) It represents the amount of health the insect has left, so the insect is eliminated when it reaches 0

2

## Case 2

Q: Which of the following is a class attribute of the Insect class?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) health

1) damage

2) place

3) bees

1

## Case 3

Q: Is the health attribute of the Ant class an instance attribute or class attribute? Why?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) instance, each Ant instance needs its own health value

1) class, Ants of the same subclass all have the same amount of starting health

2) instance, each Ant starts out with a different amount of health

3) class, when one Ant gets damaged, all ants receive the same amount of damage

0

## Case 4

Q: Is the damage attribute of an Ant subclass (such as ThrowerAnt) an instance or class attribute? Why?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) instance, the damage an Ant depends on where the Ant is

1) class, all Ants deal the same damage

2) class, all Ants of the same subclass deal the same damage

3) instance, each Ant does damage to bees at different rates

2

## Case 5

Q: Which class do both Ant and Bee inherit from?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) Place

1) Insect

2) Ant

3) Bee

1

## Case 6

Q: What do instances of Ant and instances of Bee have in common? Please choose the most correct answer.

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) Ants and Bees both have the attribute damage and the methods reduce_health and action

1) Ants and Bees have nothing in common

2) Ants and Bees both take the same action each turn

3) Ants and Bees both have the attributes health, damage, and place and the methods reduce_health and action

## Case 7

Q: How many insects can be in a single Place at any given time in the game (before Problem 8)?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) There is no limit on the number of insects of any type in a single Place

1) There can be one Ant and many Bees in a single Place

2) Only one insect can be in a single Place at a time

3) There can be one Bee and many Ants in a single Place

1

## Case 8

Q: What does a Bee do during one of its turns?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) The bee moves to the next place, then stings the ant in that place

1) The bee stings the ant in its place and then moves to the next place

2) The bee stings the ant in its place or moves to the next place if there is no ant in its place

3) The bee flies to the nearest Ant and attacks it

2

## Case 9

Q: When is the game lost?

Choose the number of the correct choice:

0) When any bee reaches the end of the tunnel and the Queen Ant is killed

1) When no ants are left on the map

2) When the bees enter the colony

3) When any bee reaches the end of the tunnel or when the Queen Ant is killed

4) When the colony runs out of food

3